In the land of Awachi, there are ten people
The Shuntoku of Nobuyoshi, the son of the Kyodan
Oioi, oioi, oioi
The elder brother of the Osano, the third brother of the Nishi
The second son of the Keibo, the second son of the Tsuka
Oioi, oioi, oioi
The son of the Keibo, the second son of the Nishi
I am called Otonagoro
Oioi, oioi, oioi
I am an adult, too
I am a housekeeper in the Nishi and Higashi
Oioi, oioi, oioi
I am no different from the Shuntoku
I must curse the Shuntoku
Oioi, oioi, oioi
I am no different from the Shuntoku
I am a housekeeper in the Nishi and Higashi
Oioi, oioi, oioi
When the child is in the womb
I drink the water of the Kyodaki
Oioi, oioi, oioi